Doc update (#812)
zama-ai/tfhe-rs: tfhe/docs/how_to/debug.md

> # Debugging FHE code

Reviewer: I believe the C needs to be capitalized as it's in a "level 1 title", but I'm not quite sure of that with the current standard of doc

Since tfhe-rs 0.5, [trivial ciphertexts](./trivial_ciphertext.md) have another application.

> They can be used to allow debugging via a debugger or print statements as well as speeding-up execution time

Reviewer: what do you mean via a debugger ?

Author: If you are the type of people that use debugger, potentially you could do 
```
let value_ = encrypted.try_decrypt_trivial();
```

And inspect `value`, with the debugger

Reviewer: ok thanks

> debugger or print statements.

Author: Too many repetitions of the word 'use'

This can greatly improve the pace at which one develops FHE applications.

> 

Reviewer: There needs to be a big fat warning about trivial encryptions not being secure I would think

Author: added just below

## Example

> To use this feature, simply call your circuits/functions using trivial encryptions (encryptions made using `encrypt_trivial`)

Author: ```suggestion
To use this feature, simply call your circuits/functions with trivialy encrypted ciphertexts (made using `encrypt_trivial`)
```
